#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras requirements.in
#
-e file:../shared
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.6.5
    # via drf-oidc-auth
azure-core==1.35.1
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-storages
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via django-storages
babel==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via django-helusers
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangosaml2
    #   pysaml2
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-searchable-encrypted-fields
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-sql-utils
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangosaml2
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-auth-adfs==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-cors-headers==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.14.0
    # via helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-localflavor==5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-phonenumber-field==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-searchable-encrypted-fields==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sql-utils==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
djangosaml2==1.11.1
    # via yjdh-backend-shared
drf-nested-routers==0.95.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-oidc-auth==3.0.0
    # via helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
elastic-transport==8.17.1
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
elementpath==4.8.0
    # via xmlschema
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==37.8.0
    # via factory-boy
filetype==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
helsinki-profile-gdpr-api==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
josepy==2.1.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
levenshtein==0.27.1
    # via python-levenshtein
lxml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
numpy==2.3.3
    # via pandas
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via deprecation
pandas==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfkit==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumbers==9.0.14
    # via django-phonenumber-field
pillow==11.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via django-searchable-encrypted-fields
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via django-auth-adfs
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via pysaml2
pysaml2==7.5.2
    # via djangosaml2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pandas
    #   pysaml2
python-jose==3.5.0
    # via django-helusers
python-levenshtein==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-stdnum==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-localflavor
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pysaml2
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
rapidfuzz==3.14.1
    # via levenshtein
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-helusers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pysaml2
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk==2.38.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-sql-utils
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   elasticsearch
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
xmlschema==2.5.1
    # via pysaml2
